so today we're going to do something fun
and something different something i'm
really looking forward to
so
you know we've been on the david pakman
show i think about twice now
and um you know really appreciate his
dialogue in the way that he works and
the way he thinks and stuff like that
and so you know the last time we were on
on david pakman's show we sort of talked
a little bit about you know sometimes
he'll he'll say that people will kind of
disagree with him and will be pretty
vocal
and i sort of mentioned to him that you
know it would be really cool to like
sort of talk to someone in an open-ended
non-judgmental manner about you know
what they believe and how they came to
believe it because i find that so much
of political discourse right now is like
really just you know plastering the
other side as backward or idiots or
whatever
and one of the things that i really
appreciate about you know training to be
kind of non-judgmental through you know
be training to become a monk and sort of
accepting people where they're at and
like learning how to listen is all and
also like learning how to be a good
listener through
um you know training as a therapist
i think that those skills can actually
be applied to like you know
non-therapeutic or non-spiritual places
and one of the goals that we we kind of
are focused on you know here at healthy
gamer is just to try to understand
people right and educate people about
different different perspectives
and so a lot of times our focus has been
on like mental health but sometimes
we'll talk about stuff like you know how
to efficiently study and things like
that
but today we're going to try something a
little bit different and we're going to
hop into a call with
david pakman as well as
a long time
i don't know if i should call him fan of
the show
but um you know there's someone who's
who disagrees a lot with david pakman
but i understand calls in a lot and i
think they've got like a good and
healthy dialogue hopefully and that's
jimmy from philly and so we're going to
hop in with them and we're just going to
talk to jimmy for uh and david for a
little while and try to sort of
understand you know a little bit about
jimmy's experience of the world and what
he believes
so i know it's a little bit different
but i'm really looking forward to it um
and let's get started welcome everyone
david do you want to go ahead and kick
things off or
let me do that yeah just to kind of set
the the situation here um so basically
i talked to all sorts of people on my
show at some point jimmy started calling
in and we know jimmy is jimmy from
philly
and we would he would bring to me
different ideas and questions and i
found jimmy to be an interesting
character a sad character in many ways a
concerning character in some ways as
well
um i think our rapport is sort of okay
although jimmy
does regularly say you know homophobic
things transphobic things racist things
etc and i think there's probably a lot
to dig into there about the the sort of
origins or oranges of that um a couple
things i'll mention about you know our
dialogue with with jimmy um jimmy has
talked to me about his um problems with
alcohol and you guys can probably see
he's got some bottles there over his
right shoulder and that's something i've
talked to jimmy about before
um jimmy has talked about how he
has a daughter but at least at one point
wasn't allowed to see her because of
some physical violence that jimmy was at
least
i'll say he was accused of and we'll
maybe leave it to jimmy to tell us more
about the specifics of that um jimmy was
also arrested not long ago because of as
i understand it
chasing a car with four black teenagers
down the street while intoxicated and
that led to a sort of legal
situation as well for jimmy and that's
kind of the jimmy that i
that i know big picture
and every once in a while jimmy will say
something that's sort of open and he
seems open to considering other ideas
etc but very quickly he'll go back into
the transphobia the homophobia the
racism
um and uh and that that's kind of that's
jimmy as far as my relationship with him
which has been through the internet and
through my show
quite the introduction
so i want to just clarify a couple
things so i noticed um you know david
mentioned like alcohol use and things
like that so just to clarify and make
sure we're all on the same page jimmy i
am a psychiatrist but i and my
understanding of this conversation is
that you know i'm not here because
david's here too we're gonna just three
people having a conversation i wanted to
just make sure that are you under the
impression that i'm your medical doctor
or that i'm not going to diagnose you
with anything yeah treat you for
anything okay so we're just going to
have a conversation and and try to
understand each other better so the goal
of what we do um the reason i stream is
just so that we can try to understand
people better and share that
understanding with everyone who's
watching um are you kind of cool with
that
yes
um just so you understand you know if
after the call if you do sort of decide
that you do want mental health support
or treatment or things like that you're
welcome to kind of message us and we can
kind of provide you with resources we do
that for every uh you know guest that
that comes on um
it you know but that's kind of at your
request we're not going to push anything
on you or recommend anything or anything
like that it's just sometimes
fine
okay
um so jimmy is it okay if i uh kind of
ask you i mean do you want to share a
little bit like do you want to offer an
introduction or or i've got a couple
yeah
i mean
yeah so first of all like how did it
feel to hear david's kind of like litany
of how he introduced you
well he's gotten a little bit wrong
actually okay can you when i did the
call with him last year
um
i clearly said that they were four
black 20-somethings not teenagers
um
this didn't occur in philadelphia it
occurred in the suburb of philadelphia
um let's see what else
um
i was arrested for public drunkenness
but i beat the case they had a video of
me going after her car it doesn't prove
that i was drunk
they the rest of me because i was off my
the video showed them that i was off the
property and they said i was publicly
drunk the video showed that i was angry
not that i was drunk
i was drunk but
i i was very i i wasn't that drunk i was
they were ready to let me go at the
police station i said the m were in the
back of the police car so they wouldn't
let me go
sure
so what i'm kind of hearing is that like
you didn't get a fair rap from david
well
doc here's what happened okay so i'm a
trump supporter i have signs on my lawn
they continued to get stolen right
so i sat out there and was guarding them
and i'm drinking a little bit while i'm
out there four black men bomb rushed the
lawn
they take signs real quick
and they ride around the
clock torning me three times [ __ ] whitey
[ __ ] trump
the second time they did it around the
house i got a knife
third time they got caught at the light
i ran after the car i was a little tipsy
i stopped to stab the top of the tire i
should have stabbed the sidewall but the
knife just disintegrated in my hand and
uh they got out of the car laughing then
chased me back to the house and
something that we took a video of me
doing this
and uh
they gave it to the cops
and the cops locked me up for public
talking this but i beat the case because
they never showed up they never they
didn't have a case
so
yeah so i i mean thanks for sharing that
jimmy i appreciate it but what i'm kind
of curious about is like when you have
kind of your side of the story and like
i was frankly kind of shocked i mean
david is it i mean is it okay if i be
critical of you for a second
please i wouldn't i would love it so
like here he is introducing you
and like he starts off with like bottles
in the back and like got arrested for
this and like
you know it's kind of a weird way
yeah i mean how does that feel to be
i mean like because it's almost like
he's sharing like the most negative or
provocative things about you
well david's a propagandist what can i
tell you i mean he's good at it yeah
yeah so how does that how does that make
you kind of feel to be i was laughing
the entire time i noticed that yeah
that's what i was kind of asking right
because
and so so i don't get offended easy doc
if that's what you're getting at i i
really don't people can say what they
want i really don't care
yeah so okay definitely a happy person
yeah so now see what david wants to make
hey out of in this situation is
basically that i'm crazy for going after
the car well i had two choices doc how
many men are going to sit there when
four men come on to their lawn
take their property i don't give a [ __ ]
what it was took for my trump signs then
they have to
to marry me to drive around the
neighborhood three times yelling racial
appetites at me
pointing me with the signs out the
window and i'm just supposed to sit
there like a little soy boy i don't
think so that's not gonna happen that's
not the type of person i am i am going
to do something about it right or wrong
i'm going to jail i don't give a [ __ ]
you do something like that to me
you are
you're going to get held responsible in
some kind of way and you know i think
the whole thing's funny the whole
thing's funny you know so jimmy you kind
of said that's not the kind of person i
am can you help me understand what kind
of person you are
well apparently david would have sat on
the wall and watched these morons ride
around and taunt him
david thought it was crazy for me to go
after them
yeah so jimmy i'm gonna just i may do
something a little bit unusual i may
sort of ask a question again so like
when i ask you like you said that's not
the kind of person i am and you say well
david would have done this like
i'm not interested in what kind of
person david has destroyed
like in other words i had two choices
right
i was either to call the police or do
nothing
but but david was trying to make me
sound crazy that and i actually took
action and went after these people that
just stole from me and do you [ __ ]
i'm saying i'm not the kind of person
that's going to sit there and watch
something like that
yeah
yeah you know i i i get that uh so i'm
i'm do you oftentimes so what i'm
hearing is that like you know a lot of
people in your situation kind of may lay
down and take it but you're not going to
lay down and take it
why yeah but this was basically a thing
david put out there you know like i was
nuts for taking action i was not crazy
not just the type of person i am and i
wouldn't blame a guy for not doing
nothing sure so i mean but
yeah
yeah and and do you find that oftentimes
um you know people try to like paint you
as crazy by sort of sharing stories like
this or or things like that
well i am a little nuts doc i have no
problem with that
what does that mean i do think that most
people wouldn't do
i'm very aware of that
that is my personality that's how i am
can you help me understand that a little
bit like what what do you do that other
people wouldn't like help me understand
like who are you bro
uh
gee i don't know uh
i i like to have fun
okay um
i see everything is funny
um
i make fun of everybody and everyone
including myself
okay see david see if i make fun of like
a homosexual or transsexual let's face
it the man in the dress is the funniest
thing since the dawn of time all right
i'm sorry
i make fun of these folks but that
doesn't mean that i hate them if these
people want to be accepted as normal
then they better be ready to take jokes
you understand
yes because if if you're making them
some sacred cow which is what david does
and then that that's that's just they're
not special people okay
i have nothing against them but i think
when [ __ ] is funny it's funny and i'm
gonna point it out sure so what i'm kind
of hearing is the way that you you kind
of you know treat them in a sense fairly
right because
everyone gets made fun of i don't treat
them anywhere i make fun of them sure
yeah
big deal
they can't handle that
and you're wearing the dress trying to
look if you look like steve i'm not
calling you susie okay i'm just not
doing it i'm not doing it i think in new
york a landlord or an employer is fined
well over a hundred thousand dollars if
they don't refer to these people as a
certain pronoun it could be they zur zay
what that's insanity
i'm not going to accept your delusion
go ahead and be deluded you have the
freedom to do it but you're not going to
force me to address you
as a woman when you're clearly a man
it's it's that simple this is com this
is logic it's science biology
yeah and and so i'm a little bit curious
jimmy when when you sort of
you know when there's a group of people
that are defying science and logic and
biology like
how does that
because you seem to get kind of
passionate there as you were talking
about it how does that kind of affect
you
it pisses me off
and what pisses you off about it
what pisses me off you're trying to get
me to accept your delusion
you have the right to be delusional but
you ain't making me look if you look
like steve i'm not calling you susie
that that sums it up my whole philosophy
on the issue sure i got no problem with
gay people i got no problem with trans
people i i think it's funny as hell i i
i think it's abso [ __ ] lutely
hilarious
and i mocked them but that doesn't mean
i hate them that doesn't mean
if if i if look if i were the grand pooh
bar would i stop it no i think it's
hilarious it's a [ __ ] show i mean you
know
i just think it's funny
and can you help me understand
this may sound like a weird question
okay but
can you help me understand what you
think is funny about it
a man in a dress
that says it all
okay
my name's linda and i got a deep voice i
mean come on man this [ __ ] is funny
okay okay
i hear what you're saying
so i i think part of the problem with
you know dissecting humor is this the
moment you dissect it it kind of falls
apart right
um
so
part of it is the commies are destroying
comedy that's what it really is
okay
everybody wants to get you don't have
the right not to be offended
you don't
people can make fun of you it doesn't
make them hateful people okay i'm not a
hateful person
not a racist either
how do you know whether someone is is
you know when someone mocks you how do
you know whether that person is hateful
or not hateful
you don't but this is the way the left
paints
comedy anymore
you can't make fun of the homos you
can't make fun of the [ __ ] you know
that i mean i mean look at youtube
they've got a library of things you
can't talk about what
why not
okay
i hear what you're saying so what i'm
also hearing that you know that they're
they're kind of
anti-science in a sense
um and that that they're also they can't
become a woman
this is impossible
i don't care if they cut their dick off
don't cut that i don't care
they cannot become a woman when they can
change dna maybe you got an argument but
these people cannot become women
and it's just impossible
so jimmy let me
let me kind of ask you so you were kind
of saying when someone mocks someone
else
you know you can't tell whether there's
hatred or not hatred
right
like if i mock you if i make fun of you
you know
but look if you're if you're known as a
person to do that
if you're known as a per like i used to
do stand-up comedy people that know me
know
you know i mean it's not my fault that
you're a snowflake and you can't handle
a joke
yeah i mean that's not
if you want to get offended and go ahead
and get offended i'm going to laugh even
harder
okay
so so now what i'm kind of hearing you
say is that if they know you're a
comedian then it's okay to make
you know no it's always okay to make fun
of people why not humor is a spiritual
principle it actually brings people
together but the left is trying to
destroy it
okay
um
so jimmy is it okay if i ask you a
little bit about it seems like you have
a lot of really strong beliefs about
what's going on is that fair to say yeah
so is it i'm so curious can you help me
understand like how you came to these
opinions and how you came to believe
these things
because i believe my ears and my eyes
when i see a man in the dress i almost
fall the [ __ ] down
i'm skipping down the street when i see
this [ __ ] like oh my god did you just
see
what
okay i have a certain amount of sympathy
for these people but the solution isn't
to
follow their delusion
it's not
dress up play barbie i don't give a [ __ ]
but when you're trying it's coming down
the plank where they're gonna i'm gonna
be forced to address these people
whatever they [ __ ] want like what i'm
i'm gonna point something out to you so
there have been like three or four
questions and i'm curious you know what
you think about that that i've asked you
about you
and your answer seems to be
doesn't involve you so i'll ask you like
how did you come to believe these things
and you kind of started out with like
saying
i believe
i told you i believe my eyes and my ears
yeah this is how my brain works
everything's funny
okay everything's funny
like i think in cartoons sometimes i
don't know why
so jimmy can you help me understand a
little bit about where you grow grew up
can i ask you some questions about your
past yeah yeah i grew up in philly
okay what was growing up like for you
what was what what was growing up i was
very happy
i used to be so happy i used to skip
down the streets
and of course the kids in philly broke
my balls until i stopped doing it you
know
you know the kids on the corner i would
skip i was literally that happy and i
have a lot of energy too so kids would
make fun of me but you know i mean
that's philly for you you know you can't
do a goddamn thing without getting your
balls busted on the corner you know it's
like that's what happens in philly i
don't know
dr k i don't want to interrupt at such a
key moment but i do want to just say
because
i i'm not sure how familiar your
audience maybe is either with me or with
jimmy but this is not staged and i think
it's important that we just mention that
none of this is staged first for your
i'm being serious here this is not an
act of any kind we're just having a real
conversation here yeah
i i didn't think it was changed
no no no i know you don't think i know i
know you know it wasn't stage but just
for people some people in your audience
think this has to be staged this is not
staged this is not okay sure so so jimmy
let me ask you so apparently i'm stuck
in the snowflakes
yeah
um
so jimmy so it sounds like when you were
growing up you used to like skip
and and you said people would bust your
balls for that what does that mean can
you help me understand what that means
well i mean i was so happy that i
literally skipped down the street as a
child
and the kids would make fun of me it
wasn't that big of a deal i just stopped
skipping down the street i was still
happier than the [ __ ] but you
know i stopped skipping down the street
that's all
yeah and i have kind of a weird question
like so do you think that
i mean how did you feel before you know
when you were skipping down the street
and people would start making fun of you
do you remember how you felt as a kid
i didn't like it but that's
that's
what happens when you grow up in
philadelphia everybody knows what you're
doing they see you you hang on the
corner
you know you got the girls you got the
guys you know
sure so break your blows people break
your butt you know
i'm hearing that people would make fun
of you and and that you sort of didn't
like it but that's life
pretty much
yeah and i'm kind of curious like
you know this is going to sound kind of
weird but
do you think as a kid you would have
preferred it if they didn't make fun of
you
no because it taught me how to uh come
back with snappy witty responses to uh
insults and [ __ ] i see so it's you gotta
be on your guard in philly you know
you're hanging on the corner
you know
you got to be able to hold your own you
know sure so i'm hearing that it was
kind of like you kind of grew up right
so the school of hard knocks like
it's sort of big streets
i wasn't in some really bad neighborhood
i grew up in roxbury it's almost like
the suburbs
but i hung all over philadelphia i hung
in some tough neighborhoods
i was in a boys home when i was a child
and uh
i would hang out with the kids in their
neighborhoods because it didn't sound
west philly
well i've been all over philadelphia i
used to call me the rabbit
what does that mean you were in a boy's
home
yeah my mom put me in a it's called
saint francis vocational school
and that
you didn't have to be adjudicated but
i was doing a lot of stupid [ __ ] i had
gotten into drugs
i had committed some crimes my mother
didn't know what to do with me she put
me in this boy's home she thought she
was helping me
believe me i had a [ __ ] ball there i
didn't want to leave
but you know you were allowed out in the
community you weren't you know i had
friends i had
you know we went went to concerts like
50 of us like i went to school in the
area i mean i pretty much ah doc i have
fun i i literally have fun everywhere i
go like i have fun in jail so
you know i mean like i always my number
one goal is to have fun
okay so can i ask you uh
jimmy so how old were you when you got
put into the vocational school
13.
and do you remember how you felt when
your mom kind of put you in there well i
i i felt abandoned was very angry with
my mother
um i remember her crying kissing me
and my dad going
something like fly right or some [ __ ]
you know and
and but uh that wore off very quickly
but
like the con artist i was at that age
i kept
trying to let my mother think
kind of let her letting her feel guilty
but within days like i was having a very
good time there these were all kids my
age like they put you on different
divisions
and uh
there were some really cool characters
you know what i mean like i liked a lot
of these guys they had a pool table they
had a ping pong table you know i mean i
had fun there i you know i did
i got sent to another place called saint
gabes
that was a [ __ ]
had the christian brothers ran that
you had to stay in line for a punishment
stand in line means you stand and face
the wall
for hours
and of course i was always online
so so what what why did you get sent to
saint gabes
um the court sent me there i
um and with the insistence of my mother
my mother thought that these places
would help me
she didn't know what to do with me what
was wrong what did you need help for
well i was doing drugs i was
committing crimes
she thought i was going to die early
so she told me
she used to come to court and the judges
were going to let me go and she would i
want him placed in and they would listen
to her and i would get real pissed off
for her now this was as a child
as an older man now i understand what my
mother was doing
you understand i agree with her you know
she just she just placed faith in
agencies that
i don't know probably made me worse
but you know as a child i [ __ ] hated
her
so i'm i'm kind of
what you're saying on the one hand makes
a lot of sense so can i just kind of
repeat back what i've heard so far
so you kind of grew up in philly right
like not like super bad situations sort
of suburbs but you kind of hung out with
some kids went to some parts of town
where you got kind of got made fun of it
sounds like you were sort of like a
happy-go-lucky kid
and yeah i've been described as exactly
that yeah and and and you know the kids
on the street like they
you know
they kind of got you to stop being so
carefree pretty quickly
no i just stopped skipping
and started being a comedian i just
started being a comedian you know they
were calling me gay and this and that
you know i mean it's just
it just teaches you to toughen up that's
all i mean you know you're living in
philly you're on the corner you can't be
a
[ __ ] sure you can't be skipping down
the street let's put it that way and
then somehow you kind of started getting
into trouble with like drugs and and
some criminal activity and stuff yeah
and then your mom kind of shipped you
off to one place
and then she kind of shipped you off
like and it sounded like you kind of did
what you were supposed to do right so
and then
well see here's the first thing they did
they took me to the valley forge
military academy right they were gonna
put me in there right
and there was no [ __ ] way i was going
to be a 10 soldier right so this the the
guy that runs a joint
he said i'm going to talk to him
privately and he pulls me in a room and
he says listen
if you don't want to come here
we're not going to make you come here
he's like i don't care what your parents
say he said do you want to come here i
said absolutely not he said okay he had
a little consultation with my mom and
dad
we walked away
how did you feel about that
great
what what yeah i mean so
i'm gonna ask you kind of a weird
question do you have a sense of why you
felt great there
because i didn't want to be a little
cadet
you mean
march around wake up at five o'clock
[ __ ] that i was 13 what the [ __ ]
i see
and then how did it feel when when you
know the judge was ready to let you come
home and your mom was like uh oh we
gotta st gabes
when i was a child that really pissed me
the [ __ ] off what do you think about
that i'm watching i'm watching
because she wouldn't take me back
in other words i got angry with her and
i would be in the cell with these kids
from kensington where
kenston's like a real bad sex in
philadelphia
it's you know it's where the men are men
and so are the women i mean it's it's
crazy that it's gotten even crazier but
these kids would do all kind of [ __ ]
like way worse [ __ ] than me and their
mothers and fathers would pick them up
mine wouldn't you know and it
i mean as
as young as that that that was my
thinking i i couldn't stand her i
[ __ ] hated her
and my father behind her back would say
you know if it was up to me this
wouldn't happen you know so he pissed me
off too because i thought he was a
[ __ ] snowflake
you know when i got older i realized my
mother was trying to help me that's all
i was an [ __ ] i was a kid i mean i
was immature
can i think for a second jimmy
what's that can i think for a second
you don't need my permission to think
so you know jimmy what i'm kind of
hearing is that you have every reason to
be a snowflake but you'll be damned if
you're a snowflake
you get more respect if you're not a
snowflake see but the way the left
paints people now
soyboy is the way to go
the real me yeah
yeah so i i think that's exactly what
i'm saying so i'm what i'm saying is
that like you know the story that you're
sharing
makes you if you look at like if the
check boxes of being a snowflake like
getting abandoned by your mom
getting sent to a military academy
getting sent to a vocational school
getting sent to a nut like you're be you
know doing what you're graduating from
there or whatever and then you know your
mom
is like like the judge is about to send
you home your mom's like i can't handle
it getting sent back to another place
having your dad
huh
i hated her for that yeah and so like if
we think about like you know when you
use the word snowflake what i sort of
think of is like a victim complex right
is that fair yeah
and so when i'm thinking it like when i
hear this story bro like it sounds like
you know if any wasn't one is entitled
to call themselves a victim
it's you
but you're not gonna do that
well what no i don't
i'm not a victim of of of anything i'm
i'm i'm just
a person that's shaped by their
experiences i you know i don't see
myself as any kind of victim no i i get
i get that you don't see yourself as
like that's sort of what i'm saying but
if you like if you think about it right
so if you had like
you know let's say a liberal snowflake
who had your background do you think
they would think of themselves as a
victim
i i i don't know
interesting okay
i couldn't you know i can only speak for
myself i mean you know i don't know is
it i mean i was a i was a liberal till
my brother put me hip to what the
corporate media does it all started with
trayvon martin like what a bunch of [ __ ]
that was and then michael brown what a
bunch of [ __ ] that was and you got to
hear about racism like like nothing has
went forward between the races like like
it it's it's systemic racism which means
everything's racist right sick and tired
of hearing this [ __ ] and my brother
proved to me i mean nbc doctored
the 9-1-1 call that zimmerman made
that's clear they admitted it they fired
two underlings but guess what this is
how the news works and david knows this
once you get someone to make an
emotional judgment a nuclear bomb of
truth isn't going to make that person
change their opinion
very few people will well because they
don't want to admit they were duped
and this is how the news works and this
is how they brainwash people
you know it's just it's sickening
that's kind of interesting
so let me just make sure i heard you
correctly so once someone makes an
emotional judgment
no amount of truth is going to change
their mind
for the most part
the media that's what the media does
sure so heard some hyperbolic [ __ ]
report an absolute lie
and then the truth comes out a few days
later and people already made a judgment
on it for the most part human beings are
not going to go back on the initial
emotion emotional judgment that they
made that's just
you being human
yeah so
people radioplasia
do you think people who make emotional
judgments are aware that they make
emotional judgments
sure why wouldn't they be
interesting you see somebody emotionally
you know they they know that
interesting so so you because i would
actually say like the opposite like i
would say that you know once what what
emotions tend to do is cloud your
judgment and most people who make
emotional decisions believe they're
behaving rationally and that the more
emotional you become
the more rational you think you are what
do you think about that
maybe not in all circumstances i mean
i don't know how to you know
i don't know okay
it's just the way i am it's
sure i don't like being lied to i don't
like being gaslighted and they're doing
it constantly the media politicians
you're being lied to all the time
everything's a grift
everything is a grift
everything jimmy a couple things so so
the second thing is
uh you know so i'm sort of hearing like
do you think it's possible for you to be
a victim
that's
wow that's
i guess anybody can be a victim
yeah why not
what what would that mean to you if you
were a victim
uh i wouldn't know because i don't
behave like a victim
if somebody wrongs me i get back at them
you know i mean i i find a way to get
back to them and i generally make it
funny and spectacular
okay
and this is what i do and what what
would it what would it feel like to not
get back at them
horrible
in what way help me understand that
it's just like an unpaid debt
you know the best way i could describe
it like
i got to get back at you
i mean i'm not saying be violent but
justice you're disrespecting me
i gotta top it
yeah so what do you think about stuff
like forgiveness and compassion
uh well
you know i was in a.a for a while and
and they taught me about forgiveness
right
but then i started
um
investigating different religions and
i heard this rabbi on the tv say
he said we believe in
forgiveness too but not like the
christians and he said
we believe you got to atone for
something before we forgive you
that i agree with the christians want
you to just forgive a [ __ ] for
just to forgive them
no
forgiveness should not come easy
now if you did somebody wrong and you're
looking to make amends you gotta atone
for that [ __ ] before i forgive you i
think that's more reasonable now i'm an
atheist but you know i do some of the
religions
basically it's a philosophy right
religion some of them come up with some
pretty good [ __ ] i mean i see no problem
with treat others as you should treat
yourself
you know what i mean i i think that's a
good thing you know i just don't believe
there's a god i mean it's just
ridiculous but yeah they do come up with
some good [ __ ] for human relations so
you know
and
i'm gonna ask you kind of personal
question you're okay totally fine to not
answer it if you don't want to i'll
answer anything
have you oh you haven't heard my
question yet
but um
have you forgiven your mom
oh yeah
yeah
help me understand how you did that
well i just grew up and realized that
look my mother was manic depressive she
had her own issues she was in
psychiatric hospital twice six months
right
the woman was a little [ __ ] up
you know and and
she wanted to help me there's no doubt
about it i remember my aunt from
scotland said
she my aunt i said something derogatory
about my mother and she sat me down she
said jimmy do you realize you're the
golden boy i said what do you mean
she said well there's a problem with
your eyes she wished you right off to
the doctor every time you were sick she
brought you the heart she said that
woman wasn't trying to hurt you
she had her own problems and she went
with what she thought would help you and
apparently it didn't
yeah yeah i i think i wish they would
have put a [ __ ] guitar in my hand or
something
i mean i was a very
happy-go-lucky energetic child but you
know they tried to make me into being
hyperactive they got me taking ritalin
they had me in the crazy kids school you
know all this [ __ ] stupid [ __ ]
you know they should have just gave me
something to keep me busy like if
computers were around then
you know i think i would have got into
that if streaming was around then
i think you would have become a stranger
in the early 70s i don't think so
yeah so jimmy that's so interesting so
i'm i'm kind of hearing so what i'm
hearing is that your mom really doesn't
have anything to atone for
no she was look she did her best she
told me she said jimmy there's no book
on how to raise children i make mistakes
you know
so you know
my mother loved me she was a little nuts
i mean she's smack depressing i mean you
know
i mean you know
but i i've no the rest of my family
don't forgive her they're they're kind
of and they're kind of um
surprised that i take the tact that i
take my sister said to me one time
she put you in a cage like my sister was
threatening to put her in a home right
my mother was definitely afraid of this
and i got real pissed off my sister i
said look she calls me crying one more
time i'm gonna [ __ ] you up you know what
i mean like i'm tired of this [ __ ] she
wanted to die in her own home the woman
had the right to do that there was
nothing wrong with her she fell one time
big [ __ ] deal my sister was like
literally terrifying her
and i stuck up for her my sister was
shocked she said well she put you in the
cage i'm like she put me in the cage for
a [ __ ] reason she's trying to [ __ ]
help me you ain't trying to help this
woman
i mean i don't like that [ __ ] and she
stopped
hmm
you know [ __ ] that [ __ ] you ain't gonna
[ __ ] with my mom
mother wasn't perfect she tried to do
the best she could with me
guess what you know what she told me
until you're 18 i'm gonna keep your
little ass alive and you're gonna go
where the [ __ ] i want you to go and when
you're 18 if you die it's on you
hey it worked
i'm 58 right
right so
mom wasn't that crazy you understand
yeah so what i'm hearing from you um
jimmy is that despite you know being
very upset with your mom when you were
growing up what i'm really hearing is
that you kind of really respect her you
understand her you sort of understand
that she kind of did the best that she
could given the circumstances she had
her own struggles and you kind of don't
blame her for that
sure that that's what a mature person
does it
does i mean that's that's the only way
to look at it what am i going to still
be angry at this woman she's dead
the woman's dead
some people continue to say angry right
yeah
yeah there's no point in it there's no
no percentage of it
so
um jimmy i'm kind of curious you said
you kind of got into drugs and and kind
of criminal activity and stuff as a kid
like what's your understanding of how
that happened
well i mean
i started committing crimes to get money
for drugs okay but and i don't want to
blame it on drugs i mean i did it i
owned it but had it not been for drugs i
wouldn't have committed to crimes so
i certainly committed to crimes
how do you understand
you know drug like is like so like some
people think of uh you know substance
use is an addiction is a disease is an
illness uh what do you think about it
the whole disease thing was a bunch of
[ __ ] with the insurance companies
and i'm very well reversed on all that
[ __ ] on a.a the history of it and all um
that's just a word that's all it is
it's [ __ ] whether or not it's a
disease who cares
you know like i went to a free a helped
me tremendously i went through the 12
steps in two weeks
you know people said oh that's crazy
well if you study the history of aaa he
did it in days and that's a fact
but it did shake like like i had a
therapist explain me therapy's supposed
to kind of shake you up and then you
settled down differently right that was
the best description i've ever heard
that's something that's really exciting
it got me to it got me to take a look at
things especially my mother
and i remember when i went to make
amends to my mother i went to her grave
and i cried like a baby
and i never
looked ill of my mother ever again and i
was 38 years old so i was hating on my
mother when i was 38 years old
and i was a damn fool
but you know i did a fourth step i did a
fifth step i'm running around making
amends
you know what i mean got my car and just
started making amends
the man just to fix or repair something
to the best of your ability and that's
what i did
because of these actions see a lot of
these people they're just told to go to
meetings
and listen to other people's sob stories
i'm sorry it doesn't work it doesn't
work
you can't think your way out of bad
thinking you have to act your way into
better thinking and the actions that i
took to the 12 steps
helped me even today to be more honest
to not be deceitful to not that not that
i wasn't an honest person but you know
but
you know
to get a real [ __ ] view of what's
really going on
rather than that dumb [ __ ] that was
running around in my head hating on my
mother hating the world thinking the
world of me a living it doesn't life
ain't fair it's not
it's how you react to it and it really
helped me i mean and then i started to
become a sponsor which was the best
thing ever because when you're helping
somebody else you ain't thinking about
yourself right
that was my whole problem i thought
about my [ __ ] self too much
i was self-centered selfish and helping
other people really i really enjoy doing
that
um jimmy i'm just going to
kind of give david a chance to kind of
uh chime in for a second
and
you know just because i noticed he's
been listening thoughtfully and maybe
taking notes dave did you want to add
anything or ask any questions or kind of
share any thoughts
no i mean i think you know one of the
interesting things from a complete lay
person's perspective is that
it's i didn't know the background of
jimmy until today
but it's exactly what i imagined it
might be
that gets him to where he is today at 58
in the sense of
i do see jimmy as a victim myself and
it's not about whether he has to quote
behave like one but
i i i you know in hearing about the
situation that he grew up in it makes a
lot of sense to me that he kind of
behaves in the boisterous way and finds
this need to always uh
have this opposite reaction to what he's
experiencing and he doesn't feel right
unless he does that that it's like an
unpaid debt i mean it's other viewers of
mine
have told me similar stories about how
they got to where they are in their 30s
40s 50s and so it just it it makes a lot
of sense everything i'm hearing is
putting a lot of pieces into into place
so
i know you've got you want to respond to
that i said okay if i follow up with
david a little bit yeah and okay so
david when you said this is you know the
picture that we're kind of uncovering is
exactly in a sense what you're not
surprised to hear help me understand
like what do you mean by that why aren't
you surprised to hear this how do these
dots how do the dots of what we've
learned in the past about jimmy connect
with your understanding of him today
well i mean i think it was very
interesting that i've experienced
jimmy's um
homophobic and transphobic language
right i'll give him the benefit of the
doubt he says he he's just making fun
but he doesn't hate people that's fine
so i'll use the term i won't say
transphobia and homophobia his
transphobic and homophobic language and
for ex i've experienced it with jimmy as
an adult and he revealed today that he
was the recipient of that when he was
skipping along and being called gay that
makes
that that
that makes a lot of sense to me in the
sense that
he's weaponizing the way he felt when
that was used against him
against other people that maybe he wants
to go after or get back at like that's a
that's one example of why it's fitting
together
um
what do you think about that jimmy
i don't know i mean david
i certainly am no victim
you know good and bad things happen to
people all the time and and in fact like
what is good and bad
what's bad what the chinese see um
what is that um um
conflict as um
like opportunity
you know i mean if something bad happens
you can go
one or two routes right
you can
become a victim
get angry get depressed stay that way
for years or you can turn that [ __ ]
around make
lemons out of lemonade lemons right
and how do you how do you think so if
someone is kind of a victim and someone
is sad and depressed how do you think
you kind of speaking about what you were
sort of mentioning about aaa and
becoming a sponsor and helping other
people how do you help someone like that
turn their lemons into lemonade
well
the whole thing with that is it's i
guess it's a form of selfishness i mean
if you keep thinking about you and your
[ __ ] up situation
you're not thinking about a solution
you're stuck in the problem so you got
to get out of yourself somehow and
but me
yeah so you've been a sponsor right so
you've helped people who are in a dark
space and how did you help him out of
that
just helped them with the uh
the big book of alcoholics anonymous i
helped them take them through the 12
steps
and and they got to
define it the way they did and you know
like
they got to experience it the way they
did the more they practiced it
more they experienced and they got to
articulate it any way they wanted to i
didn't tell them to say i didn't tell
most of these guys would tell you
when i got sponsors right and believe me
these are these were all well-meaning
people but they would say call me every
day right so i called them they could
they'd last about 10 minutes because i
was
i was pissed off i was disgusted one
thing that comforted me drugs or alcohol
wasn't available anymore and they'd
lasted about 10 minutes right and they
would say
go tell that at a meeting
you'll feel better i never did i never
felt better talking about my problems
all the [ __ ] time and believe me i
talked about my problems i never no i'm
asking i'm asking you guys
other people
what's that so i'm hearing that you seem
to be talking about when someone else is
your sponsor it sounded like you were a
sponsor
yeah yeah yeah yeah how did you help
other people
oh
what i did was i helped help them to
open their own eyes how did you describe
me i was helped through the 12 steps
do a fourth and fifth step with them
shared the way i made amends
discuss that with them and then they had
to go out and do the work like
i was just like
guide
okay i was no special person or anything
i
you know i it's not like i had
superhuman powers sure but i had a
problem that i got over
and you're the same way ain't you
and you have a problem with gaming and
you got over it now you help gamers well
then you understand this uh
absolutely oh sure i mean i understand
my experience of it so my experience of
it and i was kind of curious because you
know i'm sure it's similar i i think it
is too so let me let me kind of share
with you kind of my experience and you
let me know so you know i found that
when i was playing video games like
i was really struggling and and you know
some people um would kind of you know
not really understand that i was
struggling they would sort of blame me
they thought it was weakness things like
that some people made fun of me um you
know i got bullied a lot when i was kind
of growing up for playing video games
and things like that and the people that
helped me sort of i think did sort of
what you did which is that
you know they didn't make fun of me or
or things like that they sort of helped
me see things in a new light they helped
me sort of recognize that that you know
while i may be a victim in some ways
that if i'm a victim if it's really my
fault like you know they also empowered
me in some ways by sort of helping me
understand that like there is some
element of this that i control
well you know doc you know sometimes
bullies can be good
you know they can help you to face
reality a whole lot quicker
yeah so
um
if it's okay with you jimmy what i'm
gonna actually do is like share some
thoughts and and i'm i'm kind of curious
what about this will kind of land well
with you and and what won't
um
you know and and just i'm super curious
because i think getting to talk to you
by the way first of all bro this has
been an absolute privilege i i really
appreciate it
thank you i'm having fun
great
um
do you have a doctor by the way
you have a doctor that you see huh got a
shrink
okay okay cause i'm just you know
noticing that you're you're smoking
cigarettes and vaping and and stuff like
that so i just want to make sure that
you know your health is okay and that
you talk to a medical professional about
all that stuff i'm i'm fine i'm trying
to vape more
okay okay
um
but it sounds like you you were you
joking when you said you have a shrink
or
no i said i don't have a shrink oh you
don't have it you have you have a fit
physical health doctor yes okay yes yes
and they're aware that you're smoking
and vaping and stuff like that
okay
and promote the vaping actually
okay okay um
so a hard reduction now yeah
yeah it's good
so the first thing that i kind of want
to point out is is uh
you know so like i think
jimmy what i'm really hearing from you
is like
you know you grew up and you learned a
couple of really important lessons
so you were kind of like young and
carefree and and stuff like that right
and then like you kind of learned that
when
people behave in a manner that is maybe
a little bit unusual is maybe a little
bit funny
that like the way that you respond to
that like the way that you were treated
because that's how we learn right like
we treat other people the way that we
were treated right so that's how human
beings learn interaction so you know i
grew up in texas
where a firm handshake is a great way to
greet someone and so that's sort of what
i thought was normal and what i'm sort
of hearing from you is that you know
when when someone's a little bit
different
the way that you treat them is you just
kind of make fun of them right because
that's just that's just what we do like
that's the way that that's what happened
to you that's the way you kind of
respond that's sort of the system of
things
not not not always
i don't always make fun of them i
generally
what can i say
my personal life
everyone knows me
no one takes some of the things i say
seriously but when there's a time to be
serious
they know it
you know i mean
can i ask you to come up and
respectfully you know
can i ask you a little bit about your
personal life
for the band so like who's in your life
right now who are the you know what are
the relationships that matter to you
well
i live i live in a very nice rooming
house in a very nice area i run the
place
um i'm i'm the kitchen nazi
i can find you fifty dollars if you
don't clean up now i've yet to do it
but this landlord here she likes renting
all these kids and you know
[ __ ] vegetarians you know they're
going to save the world of animals but
they won't clean up the kitchen it's
amazing
you know
i point to the floor so so you're having
uh artichokes onions and looks like
there's a tomato there too
yeah these kids it took me two years to
whip this place into shape now we got a
professional cleaner
yeah
so yeah
so it sounds like like you're you're
kind of like uh
it sounds like there are kids like in
the sense of young kids
young folks here and so it sounds like
you're kind of you're kind of imposing
some discipline in order
it's this is the uh this is the
international house of pancakes we got
west africans we got koreans we got
jamaicans we got
black people we got i mean we got we got
everybody here so so i'm hearing that
you know that some of the relationships
in your life are kind of the people that
are in the rooming house what about like
um you know significant others partners
family
no i don't i don't have a significant
other
my my i haven't had a steady girlfriend
since my ex and i threw the baby on the
floor
so
you know
she betrayed me and uh
you know i really
don't give a [ __ ] about a relationship
okay
when you say you don't give a [ __ ] do
you ever feel lonely
curiously enough now
that is kind of curious right how do you
understand i think i would no
listen i walk down the street i have fun
i talk to everybody i pet every dog i
see i i don't know what to do i have fun
i have i'm a relatively happy person
mm-hmm yeah i see that
but
how do you how do you think that
happened because you know i'm thinking
58 year old
you know
well i'll say this for you lsd has
helped me tremendously
how so
this made me happier
interesting okay and and so when was the
last time you were in a relationship
20 years ago
okay let me ask you kind of weird
question you don't have to answer if you
don't feel comfortable but have you ever
wondered if you might be gay
no
and i know it sounds kind of weird but
why not
uh
because i don't think a man's hairy ass
is appealing
that's basically as right of an answer
as you can give
okay
and so it does sound like you're sexual
i got no problem i got no problem with
homosexuals i don't yeah in fact i've
had a few homosexual friends that were
some funny [ __ ]
yeah so i'm just hearing that you're
sexually attracted to women and you're
pretty sure about that
yeah yeah okay
was it okay that i asked you those
questions yeah you know i hit the sucky
[ __ ] every now and then you know
what
i hit the sucky [ __ ] every now and
then
i massage place and he's a massage place
okay uh
anyway
so if you must know what i do for sex
because that would be the next logical
question and i was just
yeah i mean i i suppose it would be the
next logical question
jimmy i gotta say man you are you are a
blast to talk to bro that's cool yeah
yeah so i i just wanna you know so here
here's the thing
if it's okay with you i'm gonna sort of
share some thoughts and a couple of
observations you know i i met you now
what like about an hour ago right and
and so
you got to take all this with a healthy
grain of salt you you know um
but so i'm going to kind of just start
out with like it it seems like you kind
of grew up and you were taught a
particular you know here's the rules of
the game of life
right if you're a little bit different
you get made fun of you know and that
like making fun of people is is sort of
what what happens and there's no like
there's no victim complex here you know
you kind of you it's like it's like tit
for tat like if someone makes fun of you
you make fun of them and it's like
that's just the way of the world no i
gotta top them
and you gotta top em
why is that i don't know
it makes me feel better
okay
yeah
so i'll share a couple of thoughts with
you about that in a second but
so i and and then i think that you know
honestly like what what you're so i'm a
psychiatrist and i see a lot of people
you know who
have ptsd and gone through traumatic
experiences and stuff like that and i'm
i'm actually i know this may sound kind
of weird but i do think that there's um
you know people some people really go
too far on the victimhood complex
and and as a psychiatrist sometimes what
i find is that you know if you play if
you kind of think of yourself as 100 of
a victim that also means that you have
no control or agency over life
and that you can be a victim and at the
same time there are parts of your life
that you can control
you know so i think that there were some
well
let me say this to you the biggest thing
that i felt
like a
victim when my ex
used the police in the courts to lie and
say i threw the baby on the floor they
were all against me
the accusations what's meant what what
was what what mattered not the fact
whether or not it happened they did no
investigation they didn't ask if the
child was taken to the hospital they
just charged me made me spend thousands
of dollars for a lawyer
to this day that pisses me off that's
the way the system is
so i had detectives tell me you're
guilty till you're proven innocent
if it's with a girlfriend or a wife if
they say you did something boom you're
locked up no investigation
yeah
i don't believe that's extremely unfair
it's very unfair
how did it feel to be a victim in that
situation
not good
i went down there and screamed at the
psychiatrist
and the security guards came in and he
put his hand up
and he talked to me
and uh
here's what he my lawyer got the notes
from the psychiatrist
so the psychiatrist said that i was very
affable right
but that i needed some
my mental health
support right yeah no [ __ ] my ex just
said i threw the [ __ ] baby on the
floor and i didn't you know what i mean
but then
he does the report on her and he says
the distance that miss beef claimed that
he threw the child on the floor became
lower and lower as the interview went on
in other words he called her a liar
because she is a [ __ ] liar
she got away with it she got away with
it
because she said
she said
that's ridiculous
it pisses me off to this day
and i don't feel like a victim anymore
but i'm still pissed off
it i'm still gonna talk about it
you know [ __ ] ridiculous now the kids
in harvard
so and guess what that kid read books
because she saw me reading books
i always read her
my prior series in their entire [ __ ]
life okay
you know
are you kid calls me when it's 10.
listen to this she calls me when she's
10 years old she says daddy mommy told
me to get in the tub but i was already
in the tub i'm like what
she said mommy told me to get in the tub
but she was already in the tub
she said uh is mommy drinking she said
yeah i should put her on the phone
i said she's at the age of reason now if
you want her to hate you like i [ __ ]
hate you
keep [ __ ] drinking and to her credit
three weeks and three weeks later she
went no rehab i believe she's still
sober i'm i'm not sure but she's been
sober a number of years
so
are you assassination
the kid won't talk to me the mother
poisoned her
you know the mother
got both her titties chopped off right i
found on facebook and i sent her a
message it couldn't happen to a nicer
person i'm skipping down the street i'm
gonna have a party well apparently
saying mean things is worse than doing
mean things
yeah yeah well i said was terrible
uh but her saying i threw the baby on
the floor costing me thousands of
dollars
forever ordering the relationship i
would have with my daughter it's a lot
worse
so you deserve that
you know what i mean i don't give a [ __ ]
they can cut her head off
i mean i don't care
yeah you sound very very angry
well what the [ __ ] what would you
threw the baby on the floor
what the [ __ ] it never happened even my
kid when she was five she's like dad
wouldn't i have gotten hurt
yeah you think these detectives would
ask those questions no but they're
forced to charge you that's the way the
law works if it's a girlfriend or a
spouse if they make some allegation like
that
you're just sent off the court no
investigation
none
so how would you like to be treated not
without evidence
how would you like to be treated in that
situation
like to be treated fairly
like there was
some kind of investigation to go on
before i'm charged
so it's fun
i'm gonna put myself in in the shoes of
someone else let's say a cop or or
you know your ex-girlfriend or whatever
and i'm gonna say for a second that you
were treated fairly like what if they
thought they were treating you fairly
even the cops admit it's unfair
i've talked to scores of detectives they
say look in that instance you're guilty
to approve an innocent
it's [ __ ] up
it's [ __ ] up no investigation like
look if somebody accused me of murder
they do a [ __ ] investigation right if
somebody accused me of burglary they do
a [ __ ] investigation if somebody
accused me of anything they do with
investigation but when a woman says a
man did something to a kid there's no
[ __ ] investigation they just charge
you that's wrong
shit's wrong
cost me thousands of dollars
to disprove a lot
[ __ ] yeah that's wrong
believe women [ __ ] that not without
evidence
[ __ ] that
you're supposed to get mad about [ __ ]
like that
yeah i completely agree i think the
worst thing a woman can a man can do is
rape a woman and i think the worst thing
a woman can do is lie and say that you
abused your own child
that's [ __ ] up a kid made it to
harvard
looks like i did something [ __ ] right
yeah it doesn't sound like you got a
whole lot of credit for it
what's that doesn't sound like you got a
whole lot of credit for it well yeah i
shouldn't get credit look the kid was
smart
kid like to read
you know what i mean and they're all my
whole family's like thinking carol did
something that kid went to harvard
despite that dumb [ __ ]
he drank a fifth of jd a day for 10
years that kid
was born smart and she liked to read and
she would ask me daddy what's your book
he said and i would stop because my
father read all the time but he would
get pissed off he stopped him so i would
stop put the book down well julia here's
what happened so far
i'll let you know when it ends
jimmy i'm going to tell him i'm gonna
kind of interrupt you for a second is
that okay
how does it feel to share this
good
what feels good about it
i don't know
i like talking about um
but i put it uh
about my daughter because see i can tell
the [ __ ] truth my ex has never told
the truth
and
you know apparently uh you know she's
gotten away with a lot of this
yeah
not a very bright girl
but you know
so
i'm gonna try to
do this one more time
so if it's okay with you i'm going to
share some thoughts about you know
what i'm seeing
so it kind of starts off i'm sort of
noticing that when you grew up and you
know you behaved somewhat differently
and when people didn't understand
what you were how you were the way you
were like you know you're a kid who
skips and the kids on the corner who
like don't understand what that's about
so they make fun of you right and then
you sort of learned how to like how to
survive in that situation you also
learned that like hey you know this is
where humor comes in like you know you
kind of fight fire with fire and like
i'm sure that early on before you
learned how to
how to defend yourself using humor it
probably hurt when they make fun of you
but you sort of learned that like hey if
you get hurt laying down and playing the
victim there's no point to that you got
to kind of you you know you got to fight
back and the way that you fight back is
you put people in their place you teach
them a lesson you kind of make fun of it
you laugh with them you laugh at them
you kind of like you know that's the way
the world works and then i'm sort of
hearing that
you know that that
you had a couple of interesting things
happen to you you kind of got into drugs
and stuff like that you got into crime
because of the drugs
i think you've come to acknowledge that
your mom wasn't perfect in a lot of ways
but she sort of in her own flawed way
did the best that she could and you've
come to even defend her
and and kind of be a champion for her
when other people were trying to like
you know kind of abuse her or not kind
of treat her properly like you weren't
gonna let her be a victim and you would
stand up for someone else who kind of
couldn't stand up for themselves
um and that's actually despite you know
getting sent off to
like become a tin soldier and by the way
i think part of the reason that that you
really
you know part of the reason that you
were telling that story i think
i heard some positivity there
and i think part of the positivity with
that story is that someone actually like
paid attention to what you wanted and
what you cared about and the guy was
like straight with you and said hey if
you want to be here
i got your back and if you don't want to
be here eternally grateful to that
commander or whatever the hell he was
it's weird right because we go there
yeah and he had your back right so like
you know when i was in saint gabes we
played
valley forge military academy in
football and we beat the [ __ ] out of
them yeah
so
what i'm sort of hearing is that you
know some some people like your mom it
sort of felt like she didn't have your
back right when she's in the court judge
is like time to go home and mom's like
uh-uh whereas like it's interesting
because there are like some people here
who who sort of have your back right and
he's like a stranger but it's it was
really interesting to kind of hear your
and see your emotional expressions and
stuff as you were kind of telling that
story you kind of got sent to saint
francis you actually you sort of liked
it but you sort of made your mom pay for
it right you weren't going to let her
off the phone for feeling that she
abandoned your kids
yeah
and then you went to st gabe's which you
really didn't like but it i mean it
sounds like in a lot of ways you were
sort of a dealt and unlucky hand in life
but i'm also sort of hearing that you're
not going to play the victim because
like that's not who you are no
and so this is just that's you know [ __ ]
happens to all kind of people all kind
of negative things happen to people yeah
of course of course and and so i think
that like you said you know the one
place where you maybe get to play the
victim card or you feel like you were
really treated um you know unfairly was
probably the situation with this whole
domestic violence kind of thing and
stuff like that
but i'm also kind of hearing that that
you know this aaa experience has been
really interesting for you because what
i'm sort of hearing is that you know
acknowledging that people have their own
experience of alcohol helping people
understand their experience of alcohol
um
sorry it's just a bit distracting and
and sort of help other people sort of
like listening to you and sort of being
like kind of compassionate right but
also they're not saying like oh it's
like it's not your fault alcohol is a
disease like they're not sort of using
that kind of victim language but what
they're sort of doing is recognizing
that hey you may need a little bit of
support and i think affable and may need
some mental health support i think is a
great great way to describe you by the
way to be fair the whole disease thing
let me just stop
to be fair in the big book
and bill wilson wrote it
it did not declare the disease that he
called it an illness a melody used other
terms
the whole disease thing is a [ __ ]
joke it really really is i think it's i
think it's ridiculous
and you know like
the problem from for me for many years
is i would go to aaa they would tell you
to go to a meeting if you got a problem
put it down in the meeting like it's
group therapy
i'm not about you but constantly talking
about my problems doesn't makes you feel
worse
you should feel worse
so
i had to like take some actions
i knew i had to do something i didn't
know what the [ __ ] to do
yeah
but this man helped me and i was very
impressed with the fact that he [ __ ]
spent his personal time with me and he
said now you go do it
yeah no i'm with you no i did i was
afraid but i did it so so i and i i'm
i'm with you i mean i i think we'll i'll
kind of address that in a second too but
and so what i'm kind of hearing now is
that
you know you're you kind of got your
opinions and you're going to stick to
them and if if people want to be
snowflakes they can go screw themselves
you're going to say what you're going to
want to say
and so this is where
you know i i'd actually encourage you to
rethink that a little bit
and here's the reason why okay
so like what i'm hearing is as many
situations in your life where you were
not people didn't listen to you in other
situations where they kind of did like
so we can talk about you know that the
the the general or whatever at the tin
soldier place we can think a little bit
about your aaa sponsor we can even think
about the psychiatrist who sort of said
you know sort of had your back and sort
of looked at the situation well let me
finish you know what doc i even look at
it like even the bowie's helped me in
some sense i'm with you i'm with you i
i'll get there right so like th those
those moments uh you know where people
really like you know cause i'm not
hearing that your aaa sponsor made fun
of you and i'm not hearing that when
you're in a sponsor he actually did but
he was a funny guy he okay
he just died no i was
real he died of hep c
he got treated
i had had c2 i got treated and cured but
he had it for like 30 years
and it [ __ ] with his liver so bad that
even though he was cured
it killed him which was a real shame
it sounds like a shame yeah
and and so i'm also hearing loud and
clear that you know your experiences
have made you the person that you are
which is sort of a survivor you know if
i had to use one word to describe
you know you've been through a lot
the number one will of a human being is
to survive is it not yeah
and what i'm also hearing and i know
this may sound kind of weird but there
have been a lot of times where we've
sort of talked a little bit about you
know maybe how you're feeling or or you
know like for example like that you
don't feel lonely and even you're a
little bit surprised at that and in my
experience actually like psychologically
and neuroscientifically like sometimes
what happens when people are survivors
is parts of their brain actually shut
down because like you were kind of
saying if you didn't shut those parts of
the brain down it'd be like going to an
aaa meeting talking about all the
negativity and it just sort of like
feels worse and worse and worse and so
sometimes what the brain actually does
is numb ourselves to negative emotions
and the last kind of thing that i'd sort
of share with you is that you know you
were talking a little bit about how like
you don't like to wallow in the
negativity which i get because you're
not a victim and all that kind of good
stuff but there was a little bit of time
today where you sort of did share hey
the one place where i think if i you
know if anyone wanted to call me a
victim it was in this place you got
pissed off you started off you can even
go back and watch this you started off
laughing about it
and then towards the end you really got
angry
and then i kind of asked you like how
does it feel to talk about it you
actually said good now i'm not i i think
if we had spent an hour and a half
talking about it you would feel worse at
the end
but what i'm sort of
maybe yeah well you're the one who said
that wallowing in the negativity makes
you feel generally speaking worse but
so so this is where you know what i i'm
kind of noticing is like you're someone
who had to kind of adapt you had to
survive you had to learn how to laugh
you had to learn how to swim
yeah you had to you know tit for tat and
at the same time like the cost of that
survivor that survival like you know his
his comet maybe like
you know to a certain degree like
kind of toning down your compassion
toning down your empathy toning down
even feelings of loneliness or negative
emotions because you've said time and
time and time again
everything to me is funny everything is
to me is funny i'm a happy guy right
and so what i'm sort of noticing there
is like that seems really unusual
and so there's a part of me that you
know based on our conversation makes me
wonder whether there's like stuff that's
kind of like tucked away swept under the
rug
that
i think i just i have a different
personality type i have a rare type i've
been typed before
i'm
just i have a rare personality type
you know does it make me special or not
and i just see things differently
i don't know yeah i i get that i mean i
i think that you do see things it's
better than laughing try doc isn't it
i mean i mean i had i had a therapist
tell me jimmy about my family she said
there's the brady bunch and then there's
everybody else
so you know that helped put it in
perspective yeah so here's what i'd say
i i'd say that it's it's it's best to
laugh and cry
no no i ain't cried in a while
yeah
right and like even then you kind of
said i haven't cried in a while and then
you laughed
what's funny about that
yeah so because when you say better to
laugh that's kind of interesting because
what that doesn't mean i'm looking to
cry
oh i think it means you're looking to
not cry
right so when you say it's better to
laugh than to cry and every time you
laugh what i'm sort of noticing is that
you've got a choice there
and you're deviating towards laughter
instead of crying
i wouldn't say that i i think um
i'm just a happy good lucky person and
there's there's nothing in my life that
would make me cry right now it's true
nothing like you know like like like
i don't know i mean
okay it's not an option to cry there's
nothing to cry about things are this is
one like one the best period of my life
i got a little youtube channel
you know
i mean uh i i like that that's going
pretty good
um
yeah
quick quit one job for another got two
more hours now you know i'm doing all
right
yeah i hear that man i i i don't
disagree with you i'm not saying that
you need to sit there and and you know
cry all day
oh my god your life is crap and and
things like that what i'm sort of saying
is that you know i think that you've got
maybe one or two things that you could
feel rightfully sad about but i sort of
also understand that
you know playing a victim is not
something that you're gonna do when i
think a little bit about your daughter
and and her being at harvard and i hear
you kind of speak with pride and also
that she's been poisoned against you
like i think it'd be okay to shed a tear
on that if you felt like it
nah you know sometimes i get a little
sad about it but
i've
i basically convinced myself that look
a kid has reached the pinnacle of
schools
she's not going to run for anything if
she plays her cards right and up to now
she's played her cards right so she's
not going to need her father that much
and if she doesn't want me in her life
then that's her choice
there's nothing i can do about it
so you used an interesting word
i've gotten a few hobbies look i started
painting
that's great
jimmy i just want to point one thing out
to you and then we we can you know can
that discussion but
okay you said i've convinced myself
so when someone uses that word
when i think about convincing what i
think about is starting from a place
where you believe one thing and working
really hard to believe something else
well
in a sense yes because look let's face
it that's a sad situation the kid ain't
talking to me yeah right there's nothing
i can do about it
there's nothing i can do about so
hopefully the kid grows the [ __ ] up and
you know like
apparently it was okay for this woman to
falsely accuse me three times
twice of abusing her once i'm abusing
yeah so
jimmy can i cut you off again is that
okay
so here's here's what i'd say i'm with
you that there's nothing you can do
about it so a lot of times when there's
nothing we can do about something like
why cry about it right because it's not
gonna help anything i'm with
you makes perfect sense right so like
why why what's use of crying over
spilled milk
right
so this is the last thing that i'd leave
with you and you know you you don't have
to agree with whatever i'm saying it's
really just i'm just making observations
and you can you can decide you know
you're the expert on you
so the last thing that i'd say is like
you know i'd encourage you to try
you know if you're a funny dude that's
fine you find something funny that's
fine
i'd encourage you to try to be like a
little bit more compassionate towards
people who may be confused or struggling
or see themselves as victims
i'm not saying that they are victims i'm
not saying that there's an objective
right or wrong but what i've heard from
you time and time and time again is that
there have been periods in your life
where like whether you were a victim or
you weren't a victim
you know whether it was really your
fault that you got sent off to these
schools or things like that whether they
formed you into being the person that
you are and so therefore good
experiences i'm with you all all through
that even in terms of my own video game
addiction i'm grateful for it because it
turned me into the person that i am
and at the same time while i'm going
through it
if someone sort of shares a kind word
with me even if my head is in the wrong
space i don't understand exactly what's
going on you've kind of said that about
yourself you know when you were kind of
like going through this a a stuff and
you started to have realizations that
during that dark period before you
understand things
that a kind word or even someone sort of
like you know taking you seriously and
saying hey i don't think that's really
what it is
can actually have like a positive impact
and what i'd encourage you to kind of
think about is like you know these
people that you kind of call snowflakes
and stuff like that you know i don't
know if there's an objective right here
or an objective wrong you may think that
there's an objective right i think that
it's possible that your decisions are
also your judgments are also emotional
and then you know no amount of truth is
going to change your mind what i'm
saying is just like from a human
perspective even if you can think
they're ridiculous can you be kind to
them too
oh absolutely
one one of one of the quotes
in the book of alcoholics anonymous says
those we dislike you practice justice
and courtesy
so
i mean
you got to be fair with people and you
got to be silly you know you got to try
to be civil with them
you know we really should fight fire
with water you know
quite often i gotta fight fire with fire
yeah
backwards but yeah yeah what do you
think about that bro
i get myself into some situations
yeah so
you know just one last thought and then
you know david can talk or you can talk
i'm kind of done with my spiel but you
know just like you said like it sounds
like a lot of times you fight fire with
fire and the words came out of your
mouth like some maybe you should think
about using water from time to time bro
oh yeah
sometimes weather doesn't make sense
when when you're dealing with somebody
who's irrational and unreasonable
no
well i
i
look i'm not saying that fire isn't
appealing
but i'd i'd even argue that the more
rational someone is
the more water helps rather than fire
i don't know if they're willing to
listen
yep
yeah i think it's tricky but you know
i'm i'm hearing that maybe you're
rethinking things a little bit but you
know you came to use fire for a reason
right
because the water wasn't working well
and at the same time
maybe there's some exploration to have
there
i think with what i went through in my
life
i've turned down pretty goddamn good
and i'm relatively happy
so
yeah
no problem with my life i i think i
think you've done a good
i'm about to say something that make you
let me know if this is like a victim
complex kind of thing but i would say
given the hand of cards that you've been
dealt you played a really good game of
poker
yeah maybe leave me i [ __ ] up along
the way yeah
learn more from fuck-ups to any kind of
success trust me abs absolutely man
i hear you failure is overrated
underrated can i ask a quick question
jimmy you know when you when you and i
started kind of uh i don't know about
corresponding but when you started
calling in
there was a different sort of anger
that i feel like in our interactions has
dissipated over time where you and i
have even communicated privately by
email and i feel like it's a different
jimmy than from maybe a couple years ago
is that about
something has changed for you over the
last couple years or is that about your
relationship with me specifically
i would say lsd has helped me
that's i honestly believe this may be
happier yeah honestly now i get in
arguments with these people online they
say oh it taught me this it taught me
that lsd it's a drug it ain't teaching
you [ __ ]
but it does seem to make me happier it
does seem to make me want to take risks
now like i i was afraid to start the
youtube channel that i got
and i was unconfident about it
i don't know how to do this i don't know
how to do that [ __ ] it i just did it
i don't even know how to do this [ __ ]
you guys help me right so
i see somebody who doesn't know how to
do something i'm willing to help them
that's how it should work right
so you just have to have the will to do
something you don't necessarily have to
understand it
know how to do it you just move towards
it right
that's what i'm doing words to live by
wow and jimmy did i'm just curious and
you don't if you don't want to answer
that this obviously you don't have to do
you own firearms
i'm a felon i can't okay okay
i wouldn't own one anyway i have no
problem with people to do
but i have no need for a gun oh is that
right
yeah i've you know
i could defend myself but some people
it's their right
no they they have a right to do it i
lost that right by being
convicted so
yeah well
wow
well jimmy listen you you've really said
it all i mean i don't know about you dr
k but this has been
incredibly illuminating to me
same
i mean i i i really appreciated you know
jimmy's honesty and his perspective and
his cojones for coming on and and kind
of maybe stepping a touch outside i had
fun fellas yeah i hear you man
yeah maybe that's my oh sorry dr k no no
good i was just gonna say like jimmy you
gotta you gotta talk to your doc about
you know all the stuff you're using bro
okay
that was actually
no but jimmy what i was curious is
during this hour and a half i think it's
been
consistent
cool whip cigarettes and vaping the the
entire time is this all day while you're
up or are you maybe like understandably
a little nervous about this conversation
so you're doing it or is that all day
well listen
whippet gods were good to me they just
delivered 600
150 minutes before the stream started
no but what i'm asking jimmy is from the
time you wake up till you go to sleep
are you cool no no no no
no
i do hit these whippets a little hard i
mean you know but not in the morning or
not you know i mean
okay
and then absolute last thing just
because aaa was such a prevalent thing
are are you sober now from the
standpoint of alcohol
no but i don't drink as much
okay i was knocking down two bottles of
that whiskey a week
i've had that for 10 days
the bottle behind you
yeah so i'll
drink i'll drink um
three strong beers nine or ten percent a
night
of course in five hours
i'm not driving i'm doing a stream
david i'm kind of curious
what pushes you to ask questions to to
uh fill about his i sorry jimmy about
how much substances he's using
well my
i'm curious in my interactions with him
how influenced by substance use they
might be because i'm hearing you know
i'm getting an email or hearing a
voicemail
and
my instinct is it would help me maybe to
frame the context a little bit if i know
maybe what his state of mind is that's
my kind of curiosity about it
well okay
jimmy any questions from your end yeah
yeah i had a great time thanks fellas
all right
thank you let's do this again in a year
let's do this again
sure
david you want to go and wrap up or
yeah well listen i appreciate
everybody's time jimmy uh you know you
and i have known each other a couple
years now in some sense and this has
really been informative for me i feel
like i better understand you now
and uh you know dr k i really appreciate
you lending your expertise and uh
um uh
you know leading us through this i feel
like i've learned a lot
yeah
well i mean let me say this david
my end game here with you right is to
get you to debate the hard bastard
and one day you're gonna do it
sorry who the hot bastard
the hard bastard
okay all right well let's we'll let's
talk about that in this new spirit of
openness and uh exploration and honesty
this sounds great
our bastard is a youtuber
that eviscerates you david every night
he streams in fact he'll be on tonight
doing a segment on you okay it's
absolutely hilarious it's absolutely
hilarious david
all right very good all right uh okay
thanks so much guys dr k really
appreciate it yeah thanks a lot for the
opportunity jimmy it was nice to meet
you man
and nice to meet you take care thanks
for setting this up all right david
thank you
all right we'll talk to everybody soon
now that was something else
chat
what
on earth
okay
my favorite quotes
you gotta fight fire with fire
and beat them at their own game
sometimes fire doesn't work you gotta
use water
jimmy was fantastic man
you know it's so interesting because i
i think a lot of times we um
oh maybe i need to go this way
oh my god
so i think a lot of times man i
i don't even
what did y'all think chad
um
like people are saying like it was i
mean he was
he was quite the character and and it's
really interesting because i you know i
i think it's like i don't know if y'all
kind of caught this but at the very
beginning like it was really hard to get
him to talk about himself
it's like any personal question you ask
him becomes about propaganda and so like
the media and like it becomes like an
externalized issue and then once you
start to like actually get him talking
like you know
i i think he's someone that really views
the world is like
you know he's had to i want you all to
just think about this for a second so
sometimes when people have very strong
views they're incredibly rigid right
like they're like super rigid with their
thinking
and
it's good once you make an emotional
judgment no nuclear bomb of truth will
change your mind
so sometimes i'll talk to people who
have very very strong and rigid views
and and you know it's not really my
place to say what's logical or illogical
it's not you know
but i think what's really interesting is
that
if you listen to his life like my
experience people i don't really know
100 with him but generally speaking when
there are people who grow up in really
difficult circumstances
the need to adapt and survive has to
come with a ton of rigidity
right like you you gotta wear a full
plate armor in those kinds of situations
like going to a court
after being at a school
and then like graduating from the school
and wanting to go home and having your
mom sit there and say he can't come home
like you gotta build pretty big walls
and we can kind of like note and i
shared this with him i mean i i don't
usually i not usually i almost never
talk about people when they're not on
stream but i feel it's okay because he
was just there and i told it to his face
but it's kind of interesting right
because he has a peculiar absence of
like certain emotions
and what i've seen a lot in people who
have traumatic upbringings especially
men is that the most accessible emotion
is
like
anger
and we can kind of see that and and it's
kind of interesting to hear him sort of
talk about you know how angry he was and
stuff like that and then underneath that
so i kind of think about anger as an
umbrella emotion which means that
it's the emotion that covers all other
emotions
but you know i have to imagine i mean i
don't really know but like you know if i
had to put myself in his shoes
and you know i did something right in
terms of raising my daughter and she
wound up at harvard of all places in
spite of all of her
circumstances i imagine i would feel
pride
i imagine i would feel shame i imagine i
would feel angry at her for like not
maintaining a relationship with me and
allowing herself to be poisoned and then
i imagine that in addition to feeling
angry with her
i would work really hard to devalue
those feelings within myself
right so i would try to convince myself
that i wasn't angry with her because
that's a crappy thing to do and we want
the best for her and i don't really
deserve it and it's not really her fault
and all that kind of stuff right like
and that's just kind of
you know
i don't i don't really know where i'm
going with this but i think it was just
really eye-opening to talk to him and i
can sort of see now where a lot of like
rigid beliefs sort of come from and what
i've noticed with people who are
very like politically charged and also
like
don't express a whole lot of compassion
is that there is an immense amount of
rigidity that these people often times
like so i remember back in 2016
um so when trump first won the election
so i was at
uh you know i was training at harvard
medical school at the time
and like i was in this like
group therapy education thing so i was
like in a classroom with like a bunch of
my colleagues and like psychologists and
stuff like that phd students
and so people were talking about the
election and and how it made them feel
and so i sort of shared this idea i was
like you know
everyone's like i don't understand how
anyone could vote for trump he's like so
despicable and they kind of point out
like all of like the the worst things in
their mind about trump
and so i sort of said because i'm from
texas right so i've like talked to some
of these people and i sort of said like
you know i don't think people are voting
for him because of those things
i think y'all are missing like a big
part of what he's appealing to
and what trump is really appealing to is
that like there are a lot of people who
have been growing increasingly
disenfranchised they're getting squeezed
their life is getting worse
and like year after year like all they
see is like the sort of the easy life of
the 80s and 90s kind of like decaying
towards 2016.
you know your house is in disrepair
you've got like a truck on cinder blocks
in your front yard
um you know you can't afford health care
and and all that kind of stuff
and so what he was is like a great big
screw you to the system
and i just don't think that like people
in the academic setting like i don't
think they've spent time in like you
know rural ohio or rural texas so they
can't fathom what these people go
through and what i found time and time
and time again is that you know people
who are very like rigid politically and
also like trump kind of supporters
is that their lives are like incredibly
hard and i don't quite understand i'm
not i don't mean to say i think it's
actually like really kind of unfair to
say that if your life sucks like that's
why you support trump like people have
their beliefs for a reason and we should
respect that instead of you know
assigning some kind of weird
psychological
reason
but it's just a pattern that i've
noticed that when people have really
really hard lives
you know sometimes it really galvanizes
them and it sort of like really forms
they have to form really rigid thinking
almost to sort of survive how do you
make sense of a world where each light
each each time like the world gets like
each year that goes by the world gets a
little bit harder and a little bit
harder and a little bit harder and a
little bit harder
and so i i think i don't you know it's
something worth exploring it's just a
pattern that i've seen and i think it's
interesting because david even said he
was like i'm not surprised to hear this
story which makes you think right why is
not even david surprised to hear this
story i mean he has no training in
psychology
and i don't think it's necessarily a
psychological thing i think sometimes
our political beliefs have a lot to do
with our upbringing which sort of makes
sense right
um i think we see this a lot with like
doomers and in cells and stuff like that
too like the way that you believe that
the world works
is heavily influenced by the way that
your brain interprets the world works
and the really tricky thing there is
that your experiences are a hundred
percent real
but your conclusions and the
abstractions that you draw from the
world are not 100 real
and this is the really tricky thing is
that when you talk with someone who
believes their abstractions about the
world are 100 real what you're really
running up against is their experience
which is absolutely 100 real so if i
asked out three girls and i saw the
three girls that i asked out ended up
dating football players
that experience can form a view of the
world that is like very very rigid and
we can't blame that person for believing
that because like you know we all form
beliefs about the world based on our
experiences it's literally how our brain
is designed it's how we learn how to
walk it's why kids drop things on the
floor when they're eating right they're
like learning how gravity works and
based on your individual experience you
draw conclusions about okay this is how
gravity works
so you know i'm actually pretty hopeful
i think jimmy
i i actually feel really hopeful for him
in some ways
um i think i don't know if you guys
caught this but he was making a lot of
contradictory statements towards the end
you know just like a lot of like you
know you gotta fight fight like the
whole time it's like when someone wrongs
you
you can't it's not just payback it's
like you gotta overdo it like if you
fight like you wanna you wanna you know
toss and match my way i'm gonna toss you
know a torch your way
and and so towards the end some of that
stuff and i think he's really had some
experiences where like you know
hopefully he's
one step
closer to being compassionate and
understanding and it sort of makes sense
why he makes fun of people right because
that's sort of like what happened like
even his a sponsor made fun of him he
was a funny guy so that's just you know
it means a different thing
so so rl was saying he was more
open-minded than i expected so this is
my experience this is really important
so i think most human beings are pretty
open-minded the only challenge is that
when you engage with them
about a rigid thing and you try to argue
with them they're not open-minded
be
someone being more open-minded than you
expected has a lot to do with the way
that i approach him so when you approach
someone with a closed mind they are
going to be close-minded
when you approach someone with an open
mind they're more likely to be
open-minded
and so like i see this a lot with
especially political discussions and
even fall victim to it myself where like
sometimes if i have a belief and i start
off like pretending to be open-minded by
asking questions and listening to them
like you can you can notice this thought
process in your head where you can like
ask a question but you don't really care
what they say you're not really
listening what they say you've already
formed your own conclusion and you're
just waiting for them to stop talking so
that you can point out how they're wrong
that person is going to be close-minded
because you're approaching them in a
closed-minded way
right it's sort of like i'm going to
trap you with my questions
and what do you think about this i'm
just using that as a facade to pretend
i'm open-minded and therefore as soon as
you're done talking i'm going to tell
you how you're wrong
if that's the way that you approach
people
you're going to be they're going to be
close-minded because you're being
close-minded
so and this is we've seen this time and
time and time again on stream right like
we kind of joke that we haven't had a
real incel on stream and like why is
that it's because you know you know the
the fire breathing angry incels that we
see on the internet when you actually
approach them with like compassion and
an open mind
like they all turn out to be relatively
recent decent people and like well i
mean i don't know about all but you know
we've got a sample size of like two or
three or whatever
you know and that's been my experience
so in in terms of y'all if you guys you
know have political beliefs that you
disagree with or someone who's super
rigid even like parents who are
narcissistic
trying to understand them can go a
really long way
like and and sort of doing your best to
sort of like recognize that this is a
human being who believes what they
believe for a reason they're not stupid
and this is the other thing that happens
with trump supporters right is like
people call them stupid like that's not
gonna work
all you're gonna do is galvanize their
beliefs cause them to dig their heels in
more and double down on what they
believe
so you know i've had some um
[Music]
you know some interactions with folks
who are like anti-vaxx and then like you
know got sick
and then you know telling them hey this
is dumb you should you know
this is your fault you deserve this is
not an effective strategy that actually
causes them to double down
and sort of saying you know treating
them like treating human beings who are
sick with compassion is the right move
irrespective of what their
you know vaccine beliefs are you're
allowed to feel frustrated you're
allowed to think that it's incorrect
that they believe that way but like i
think they still deserve your compassion
right i told you so
is not a winning strategy to like open
people's minds up
you